DOC-1581: Updated support pages (#2326)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/powerpaste-troubleshooting.adoc

== How can I see what is on the clipboard?

> To view the HTML of content pasted from the clipboard: http://static.ephox.com/clipboard/clipboardtest.html[{companyname} Clipboard Viewer].

Reviewer: This doesn't read well... it says to view it and then just has a link (granted this was sort of a problem before as well). Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
To view the HTML of content on the clipboard paste into the red box on the http://static.ephox.com/clipboard/clipboardtest.html[{companyname} Clipboard Viewer].
```
